ticker-bots/ticker-bots.md, before:

---
description: >-
  Ticker bots display close to real-time price updates and are available for any
  Discord server. If there's a ticker you'd like added, feel free to reach out.
---

# Discord Ticker Price Bots

We'll be revamping these to add more customization, so servers can re-order them however they'd like or remove number order altogether.

Ticker bots can be added by using the links below, along with an example of how they look.\
![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (152).png>)\
\
Upon adding a bot(s), they will need to be restarted to start updating and changing their nicknames within your server. Bots are generally restarted every 6 hours. If you have added a bot and would like it to function right away, feel free to send a message in our [support](https://discord.gg/4fEAb8aTPv) channel and we'll do so.

### How to automatically change colors

For the bots to automatically change colors, representing up/down price changes, you will need to create two roles. Create two roles named "Up" and "Down" with their respected colors. Then assign the `Manage Roles` permissions to the bots if they don't have it already.

### Available ticker bots

You can request any stock, futures, forex, or crypto ticker(s) you'd like added, and we will have it running within 48 hours. Join our [Discord](https://discord.thetradehub.net) and send a request through our support channel.

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Stocks & ETFs" %}
[$SPY SPDR ETF](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542831994048553\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$GOOGL Google Class A](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1060023476133576794\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$AMZN Amazon.com](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985460094582874\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$TSLA Tesla Inc.](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059927220384174131\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$AAPL Apple](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985222667600053\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$META Meta Platforms](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985538737787020\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$NFLX Netflix](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985303663808513\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ROKU Roku Inc.](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064463704780972083\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$NVDA Nvidia Corp](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064463396025684118\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$AMD Advanced Micro Devices](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064464657265475656\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$GME GameStop Corp](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1052550193117134948\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$AMC Entertainment](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1056164678079877121\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$APE AMC Entertainment](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1056164721105047662\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$BBIG Vinco Ventures](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1058096948697116702\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$HYMC Hycroft Mining](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1056164613244325930\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$PPP Prospector Metals Corp](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059974856583688202\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ARKK ARK Innovation ETF](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1164309284641853571\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$PTON Peloton Interactive Inc](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1164309334700859422\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Indices" %}
[S\&P 500](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057543400502603796\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[NASDAQ](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057543504127078411\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[Dow Jones](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542980606636163\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot) or [US30](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163330255180804146\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[U.S. Dollar Index](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163327819628154941\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$OMXH25 OMX Helsinki 25](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057557438867443823\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$OMXHGI OMX Helsinki GI](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057557568022646835\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[CAC 40](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116979345433575434\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[DAX Performance](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116979287531200533\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[Nifty 50](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116977217151447101\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[Bank Nifty](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116978570334576700\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[SGX Nifty](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1117071374620573756\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[FTSE 100](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116979054298546257\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Futures" %}
[$ES E-mini S\&P 500](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057556901195427940\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$NQ E-mini NASDAQ 100](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057557295090905098\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$6E Euro FX Futures](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1094486896295551006\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$6J Japanes Yen Futures](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1094488823225925692\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$CL Crude Oil](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116983986539999293\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$GC Gold](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116984113816145930\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$SI Silver](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116984290673172510\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Forex" %}
[EUR/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341035205001216\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[USD/JPY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341101726675005\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[GBP/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064372482259288065\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[AUD/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341221474041897\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/CAD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341682742636774\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/CNY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341873877074012\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/CHF](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342001660731452\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/HKD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342130694299758\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[EUR/GBP](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342251469283328\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[NZD/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342371917111387\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[GBP/TRY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1139787938960515122\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[EUR/TRY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1139811978211241994\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[GBP/JPY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1162899866012360724\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[USD/KRW](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1189156095806148678\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[XAU/USD (Gold Spot)](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163332729937612811\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[XAG/USD (Silver Spot)](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163335145093349396\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Crypto" %}
[$BTC Bitcoin](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542512421646416\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ETH Ethereum](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542664771354674\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$LTC Litecoin](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064306410898346064\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$BNB Binance](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064306793309798491\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$SOL Solana](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064311228123594802\&permissions=402656256\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$DOT Polkadot](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064322118491308053\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$MATIC Polygon](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064311429399842857\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XRP Ripple](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064308430787072020\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ADA Cardano](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064309005327015999\&permissions=402656256\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XLM Stellar](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064306980631609414\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$TRX Tron](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950491619852388\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XMR Monero](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158947906104078437\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XNO Nano](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950089709060137\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$LINK Chainlink](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950132826509332\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ROOT The Root Network](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1179480985847476325\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$ASTO Altered State Token](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1179481420276711516\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$SYLO Sylo](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1179481694831640607\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$SPRING Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950656586027028\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$SUMMER Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950528009650247\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$AUTUMN Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950617113436211\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$WINTER Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950569747161150\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$MBOX MOBOX](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1182105957543723128\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot+application.commands)

[$ZEC Zcash](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1185224352359264322\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$WOMBAT Wombat Web3 Gaming](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1185228057682923581\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Commit message:

GITBOOK-83: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

ticker-bots/ticker-bots.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Ticker bots display close to real-time price updates and are available for any
  Discord server. If there's a ticker you'd like added, feel free to reach out.
---

# Discord Ticker Price Bots

Ticker bots can be added by using the links below. Here's an example of how they look.\


<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (273).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Bots automatically update price and can assign themselves roles when the price is up/down</p></figcaption></figure>

### How to automatically change colors

For the bots to automatically change colors, representing up/down price changes, you will need to create two roles. Create two roles named "Up" and "Down" with their respected colors. Then assign the `Manage Roles` permissions to the bots if they don't have it already.

### Available ticker bots

You can request any stock, futures, forex, or crypto ticker(s) you'd like added, and we will have it running within 48 hours. Join our [Discord](https://discord.thetradehub.net) and send a request through our support channel.

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Stocks & ETFs" %}
[$SPY SPDR ETF](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542831994048553\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$GOOGL Google Class A](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1060023476133576794\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$AMZN Amazon.com](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985460094582874\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$TSLA Tesla Inc.](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059927220384174131\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$AAPL Apple](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985222667600053\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$META Meta Platforms](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985538737787020\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$NFLX Netflix](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059985303663808513\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ROKU Roku Inc.](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064463704780972083\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$NVDA Nvidia Corp](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064463396025684118\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$AMD Advanced Micro Devices](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064464657265475656\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$GME GameStop Corp](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1052550193117134948\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$AMC Entertainment](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1056164678079877121\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$APE AMC Entertainment](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1056164721105047662\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$BBIG Vinco Ventures](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1058096948697116702\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$HYMC Hycroft Mining](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1056164613244325930\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$PPP Prospector Metals Corp](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1059974856583688202\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ARKK ARK Innovation ETF](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1164309284641853571\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$PTON Peloton Interactive Inc](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1164309334700859422\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Indices" %}
[S\&P 500](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057543400502603796\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[NASDAQ](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057543504127078411\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[Dow Jones](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542980606636163\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot) or [US30](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163330255180804146\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[U.S. Dollar Index](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163327819628154941\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$OMXH25 OMX Helsinki 25](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057557438867443823\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$OMXHGI OMX Helsinki GI](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057557568022646835\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[CAC 40](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116979345433575434\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[DAX Performance](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116979287531200533\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[Nifty 50](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116977217151447101\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[Bank Nifty](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116978570334576700\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[SGX Nifty](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1117071374620573756\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[FTSE 100](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116979054298546257\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Futures" %}
[$ES E-mini S\&P 500](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057556901195427940\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$NQ E-mini NASDAQ 100](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057557295090905098\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$6E Euro FX Futures](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1094486896295551006\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$6J Japanes Yen Futures](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1094488823225925692\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$CL Crude Oil](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116983986539999293\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$GC Gold](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116984113816145930\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$SI Silver](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1116984290673172510\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Forex" %}
[EUR/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341035205001216\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[USD/JPY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341101726675005\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[GBP/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064372482259288065\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[AUD/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341221474041897\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/CAD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341682742636774\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/CNY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064341873877074012\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/CHF](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342001660731452\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[USD/HKD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342130694299758\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[EUR/GBP](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342251469283328\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[NZD/USD](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064342371917111387\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[GBP/TRY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1139787938960515122\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[EUR/TRY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1139811978211241994\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[GBP/JPY](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1162899866012360724\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[USD/KRW](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1189156095806148678\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[XAU/USD (Gold Spot)](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163332729937612811\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[XAG/USD (Silver Spot)](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1163335145093349396\&permissions=335545344\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)
{% endtab %}

{% tab title="Crypto" %}
[$BTC Bitcoin](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542512421646416\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ETH Ethereum](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1057542664771354674\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$LTC Litecoin](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064306410898346064\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

[$BNB Binance](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064306793309798491\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$SOL Solana](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064311228123594802\&permissions=402656256\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$DOT Polkadot](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064322118491308053\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$MATIC Polygon](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064311429399842857\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XRP Ripple](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064308430787072020\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ADA Cardano](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064309005327015999\&permissions=402656256\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XLM Stellar](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1064306980631609414\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$TRX Tron](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950491619852388\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XMR Monero](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158947906104078437\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$XNO Nano](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950089709060137\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$LINK Chainlink](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950132826509332\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$ROOT The Root Network](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1179480985847476325\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$ASTO Altered State Token](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1179481420276711516\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$SYLO Sylo](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1179481694831640607\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$SPRING Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950656586027028\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$SUMMER Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950528009650247\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$AUTUMN Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950617113436211\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$WINTER Seasonal Tokens](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1158950569747161150\&permissions=335547392\&scope=applications.commands%20bot)

[$MBOX MOBOX](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1182105957543723128\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot+application.commands)

[$ZEC Zcash](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1185224352359264322\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)

[$WOMBAT Wombat Web3 Gaming](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client\_id=1185228057682923581\&permissions=335547392\&scope=bot)
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}
