submit-crypto-trades-on-discord/trade-styles-risk-flags-and-trade-notes.md, before:

---
description: Specifying trade styles, adding risk factor flags, and adding notes to trades
---

# Trade Styles, Risk Flags, & Trade Notes

Trade Styles

{% hint style="info" %}
**Available trade styles & keywords:**\
Daytrade - Swing - Scalp - Long Term
{% endhint %}

Specifying the style of a trade has no functionality other than cosmetic and informational purposes. It can help viewers whether the trade is short or long term. By default, all trades use the `Daytrade` style unless specified otherwise.&#x20;

EXAMPLE IMAGE HERE OF CRYPTO ON TRADES PAGE & TRADE INSIGHT

To set the style of a trade, mention any one of the style keywords anywhere in the trade notes.

EXAMPLE IMAGE HERE OF SUBMITTING CRYPTO TRADE WITH STYLE

## Risk Flags

{% hint style="info" %}
**Risk Factor Keywords:**\
YOLO\
Risk, Risky
{% endhint %}

> `lotto` or `yolo` will be marked as _High Risk YOLO Play_
>
> \
> `risk` or `risky` or `high risk` will be marked as _High Risk Play_

To specify risk factors on trades, use trade flag keywords anywhere in the notes. More than one trade flag can be applied.

Trades flagged with a risk factor are displayed as such on the [Trades](https://nvst.ly/trades) and Trade Insight interfaces.

EXAMPLE IMAGE HERE OF SUBMITTING TRADE WITH FLAG TRADES PAGE FLAG AND TRADE INSIGHT FLAG

{% hint style="danger" %}
YOLO trades are exempted from main Win Rate and all main Loss/Gain/Return stats, and have their own stats for each.
{% endhint %}

## Trade Notes

Trade Notes are comments that are attached to trades when they are submitted. They give more insight from the trader about the position. Notes are displayed for each event (open, close, etc.) on [Trades](https://nvst.ly/trades) and Trade Insight interfaces.

EXAMPLE IMAGE HERE OF TRADE NOTES ON TRADES PAGE & TRADE INSIGHT

Adding notes with trade submissions are done by commenting or writing anything after the trade price.

EXAMPLE IMAGE HERE OF SUBMITTING TRADE WITH NOTES

{% hint style="info" %}
Remember

Trim/Partial keywords, setting TP/SL, Trade Styles, & Risk Flags, are all done by utilizing Trade Notes, and all can be used in a single trade's notes.
{% endhint %}

Commit message:

GITBOOK-55: images for crypto styles, flags, notes

submit-crypto-trades-on-discord/trade-styles-risk-flags-and-trade-notes.md, after:

---
description: Specifying trade styles, adding risk factor flags, and adding notes to trades
---

# Trade Styles, Risk Flags, & Trade Notes

Trade Styles

{% hint style="info" %}
**Available trade styles & keywords:**\
Daytrade - Swing - Scalp - Long Term
{% endhint %}

Specifying the style of a trade has no functionality other than cosmetic and informational purposes. It can help viewers whether the trade is short or long term. By default, all trades use the `Daytrade` style unless specified otherwise.&#x20;

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (236).png>)![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (237).png>)

To set the style of a trade, mention any one of the style keywords anywhere in the trade notes.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (238).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Trade Style keyword "swing" used in notes will mark the trade as a swing</p></figcaption></figure>

## Risk Flags

{% hint style="info" %}
**Risk Factor Keywords:**\
YOLO\
Risk, Risky
{% endhint %}

> `yolo` will be marked as _High Risk YOLO Play_
>
> \
> `risk` or `risky` or `high risk` will be marked as _High Risk Play_

To specify risk factors on trades, use trade flag keywords anywhere in the notes. More than one trade flag can be applied.

Trades flagged with a risk factor are displayed as such on the [Trades](https://nvst.ly/trades) and Trade Insight interfaces.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (239).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Risk Flag "High Risk" added by using the keyword in Trade Notes</p></figcaption></figure>

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (240).png>)![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (241).png>)

{% hint style="danger" %}
YOLO trades are exempted from main Win Rate and all main Loss/Gain/Return stats, and have their own stats for each.
{% endhint %}

## Trade Notes

Trade Notes are comments that are attached to trades when they are submitted. They give more insight from the trader about the position. Notes are displayed for each event (open, close, etc.) on [Trades](https://nvst.ly/trades) and Trade Insight interfaces.

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (244).png>)![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (245).png>)

Adding notes with trade submissions are done by commenting or writing anything after the trade price.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (242).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Comments added to trade submission using Trade Notes</p></figcaption></figure>

{% hint style="info" %}
Remember

Trim/Partial keywords, setting TP/SL, Trade Styles, & Risk Flags, are all done by utilizing Trade Notes, and all can be used in a single trade's notes.
{% endhint %}
