submitting-forex-trades-on-discord/opening-trades.md, before:

---
description: How to open forex positions
---

# Opening Trades

{% hint style="info" %}
Opening triggers;\
**`BTO`** is used to open long\
**`STO`** is used to open short
{% endhint %}

### Opening Long

> **BTO \<base & quote tickers> @ \<price>**\
> I.e. _`BTO USDCAD @ 1.395`_

To open a **long** forex position, use the trigger **`BTO`** followed by the base & quote tickers without separation, then the symbol @ before the price.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (285).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Example of opening a long position for USD/CAD, at the current market price of $1.3950</p></figcaption></figure>

### Opening Short

> **STO \<base & quote tickers> @ \<price>**\
> I.e. _`STO USDCAD @ 1.395`_

To open a **short** forex position, use the trigger **`STO`** followed by the base & quote tickers without separation, then the symbol **@** before the price.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (286).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Example of opening a short position for USD/CAD at the price of $1.395</p></figcaption></figure>

{% hint style="warning" %}
Final Notes:\
\- **Do not use `$` with tickers.** \
**- Do not separate base & quote tickers with a `/` slash or any character.**\
\- Submit using a specified price, or use `CMP` or `M` for submitting at the current market price.\
\- Multiple trades can be submitted in a single message by using 3 back ticks (\`\`\`) before and after the whole message.
{% endhint %}

## Using Slash Commands

Submitting trades through slash commands has a more user friendly aspect to it but can take some seconds longer than text messages.

Type in `/open` then select `forex`.

Type in or select the direction `Long` or `Short`.

Input the base and quote currency tickers, do not separate them with a `/` slash or any character.

Enter in the price or use `0` for the current market price.

Notes can be added and are optional. Trade Styles (swing, scalp, etc.), Risk Factor Flags, and a Take Profit and/or Stop Loss can all be added by using the notes.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/{FD99E266-789F-4D5A-BCCF-FAFEABA83611}.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Example of opening a long position for USD/CAD at $1.3950, and setting both TP/SL.</p></figcaption></figure>

Commit message:

GITBOOK-151: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

submitting-forex-trades-on-discord/opening-trades.md, after:

---
description: How to open forex positions
---

# Opening Trades

{% hint style="info" %}
Opening triggers;\
**`BTO`** is used to open long\
**`STO`** is used to open short
{% endhint %}

### Opening Long

> **BTO \<base & quote tickers> @ \<price>**\
> I.e. _`BTO USDCAD @ 1.395`_

To open a **long** forex position, use the trigger **`BTO`** followed by the base & quote tickers without separation, then the symbol @ before the price.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (285).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Example of opening a long position for USD/CAD, at the current market price of $1.3950</p></figcaption></figure>

### Opening Short

> **STO \<base & quote tickers> @ \<price>**\
> I.e. _`STO USDCAD @ 1.395`_

To open a **short** forex position, use the trigger **`STO`** followed by the base & quote tickers without separation, then the symbol **@** before the price.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (286).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Example of opening a short position for USD/CAD at the price of $1.395</p></figcaption></figure>

{% hint style="warning" %}
Final Notes:\
\- **Do not use `$` with tickers.** \
**- Do not separate base & quote tickers with a `/` slash or any character.**\
\- Submit using a specified price, or use `CMP` or `M` for submitting at the current market price.\
\- Multiple trades can be submitted in a single message by using 3 back ticks (\`\`\`) before and after the whole message.
{% endhint %}

## Using Slash Commands

Submitting trades through slash commands has a more user friendly aspect to it but can take some seconds longer than text messages.

Type in `/open` then select `forex`.

Type in or select the direction `Long` or `Short`.

Input the base and quote currency tickers, do not separate them with a `/` slash or any character.

Enter in the price or use `0` for the current market price.

Notes can be added and are optional. [Trade Styles](trade-styles-risk-flags-and-trade-notes.md#trade-styles) (swing, scalp, etc.), [Risk Factor Flags](trade-styles-risk-flags-and-trade-notes.md#risk-flags), and a Take Profit and/or Stop Loss ([#setting-tp-sl-with-trade-submission](setting-tp-sl.md#setting-tp-sl-with-trade-submission "mention")) can all be added by using the notes.

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/{FD99E266-789F-4D5A-BCCF-FAFEABA83611}.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Example of opening a long position for USD/CAD at $1.3950, and setting both TP/SL.</p></figcaption></figure>
